Question 1: Your design probably has a type called something like Car or Vehicle that is a supertype to both Volvo and Scania. 
            What is the contract for gas() and brake() in this type? 
            Do the implementations of gas() and brake() in both Volvo and Scania follow this contract? 
            Does your design follow the Liskov Substitution Principle?

The contract for the gas and brake method for what the executor expects of the client is a double between 
0 and 1. Conversely, the contract from what the client expects of the executor is a speed increase or decrease
depending on the speedFactor for said vehicle they are called on. In addition to this, the speed always remains
within an interval of 0 to the engine power of said vehicle.

The implementation of gas() and brake() in both Volvo and Scania follows this contract, but it is worth
noting that Scania has an added condition of only being able to gas and brake while its ramp is at an angle
of 0 degrees.

Our design does follow the Liskov Substitution Principle, in that:
- All methods in our subtypes accept the same arguments as their supertypes
- All subtypes can perform the same actions that their supertypes can perform (and sometimes more)
- All subtypes return the same outputs that their supertypes returns
In other words, we can freely replace objects of our superclasses with objects of their subclasses
without having our program break.



Question 2: How did you handle duplicated code between Scania, the car transporters and the repair shops? 
            Explain how you decided when to use subclassing and when to use composition and delegation.
            
    We decided to create a superclass Truck from which both the subclasses Scania and Transporter inherits. This was both
    a logical choice in that it makes common sense, but also one which allowed us to avoid some light code duplication in terms 
    of a common speedfactor. Aside from this it also allowed us to follow the open-closed principle so that future extensions are 
    easily made. Repair shop and transporter both needed to be able to load/unload cars, but since a transporter and a repair shop 
    are different things and since their methods have different contracts, we decided that they can not inherit from the same 
    superclass. And instead we decided to delegate all the loading to a helperclass called loadable, that handles all the loading.             


Question 3: Did you need to modify the design from lab 1 in order to make these extensions? 
            If so, how could you have noticed that your design from Lab 1 did not follow the Open-Closed Principle before you started working on Lab 2?
            
The only modification we had to make from our design in lab 1 was to create a superclass called vehicle,
which both classes truck and car could inherit from. This was because they both shared several attributes
and methods. In other words, it made sense to create a superclass to group these under one roof.
We could have thought about the possibility that we had to add other types of vehicles, that also need the code in car.

