1, 
We are using both because both of the subclasses to Car share many methods and most of them also have the same functionality,
hence why it is easy to make a superclass that contains all of the shared mtehods to avoid code duplication. 
However, some of the methods differs between the subclasses and their functionalities are fundamental to Car. Therefore, to make sure 
that every subclass of Car implement that method, we decided to make them abstract to ensure that every Car can increase/decrease their speed.
The Open-closed principle states that we should make our program in such a way that it is easily extendible without having to modify the existing code as much as possible.
When we put all of the shared functionalities of a Car in the superclass we can add however many new subclasses to Car that we want and ensure that all of them 
has the necessary methods that all Cars should have. If we instead choose to make an interface it would be more difficult to implement new subclasses of Car because
we would need to rewrite all of the methods every time. We still have some abstract methods because they are necessary for a Car to have but require different implementation, so when 
we add a new subclass all we would need to do is implement the code for the abstract classes only, the rest is shared.

2, 
For the Gas and Brake methods we implemented a try-catch block were it would throw an exception if the amount that was sent in 
was bigger than 1 or smaller than 0. This also made it so that gas() could not increase the speed and that break() could not decrease the speed,
since it would need a negative number for that to happen. The exception will get caught and the line "Impossible ammount" will be printed if the amount is outside of the interval. 
For currentSpeed we implemented another try-catch on increment speed that would throw an exeption if the current speed was higher than enginePower and then set it to enginePower. 
We did another one in decrement speed that would do the same thing but for less than 0 and set the speed to 0.